Fix wording (#27958)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/stream-parallelism.md

> One drawback of the example code above that it does not preserve the ordering of pancakes. This might be a problem

Reviewer: While you are in here making a change, you could also consider
```suggestion
One drawback of the example code above is it does not preserve the ordering of pancakes. This might be a problem
```

if children like to track their "own" pancakes. In those cases the `Balance` and `Merge` operators should be replaced

> by strict-round robining balancing and merging operators that put in and take out pancakes in a strict order.

Author: Could chuck a comma after `operators` if you want too

Reviewer 2: is "robining" a thing? I would say "by round robin balancing"

"strict" is also mentioned at the end of the sentence so can be removed at the first location

> by strict-round robining balancing and merging operators that put in and take out pancakes in a strict order.

Reviewer: Agreed, I think `strict` is meant to modify the order. And because the router docs note this naming convention, `deployed in round-robin fashion` let's apply that here as well:
```suggestion
by round-robin balancing and merging operators which put in and take out pancakes in a strict order.
```
